README.md, before:

## Table of Contents

- [01-Set up Yarn Workspaces for Gatsby Theme Development](01-set-up-yarn-workspaces-for-gatsby-theme-development.md)

- [02-Add Static Data to a Gatsby Theme](02-add-static-data-to-a-gatsby-theme.md)

- [03-Create a Data Directory in Gatsby using the onPreBootstrap lifecycle](03-create-a-data-directory-in-gatsby-using-the-on-pre-bootstrap-lifecycle.md)

- [04-Set up to Create Data Driven Pages in Gatsby](04-set-up-to-create-data-driven-pages-in-gatsby.md)

- [05-Create Data Driven Pages in Gatsby with GraphQL and createPages](05-create-data-driven-pages-in-gatsby-with-graph-ql-and-create-pages.md)

- [06-Display Sorted Data with useStaticQuery in Gatsby](06-display-sorted-data-with-use-static-query-in-gatsby.md)

- [07-Display and Query Data by id with Gatsby context and useStaticQuery](07-display-and-query-data-by-id-with-gatsby-context-and-use-static-query.md)

- [08-Style and Format Dates in React](08-style-and-format-dates-in-react.md)

- [09-Configure a Gatsby Theme to Take Options](09-configure-a-gatsby-theme-to-take-options.md)

- [10-Make Gatsby Themes extendable with gatsby-theme-ui](10-make-gatsby-themes-extendable-with-gatsby-theme-ui.md)

- [11-Use and Override a Theme in Gatsby with Component Shadowing](11-use-and-override-a-theme-in-gatsby-with-component-shadowing.md)

- [12-Publish a Gatsby Theme to npm](12-publish-a-gatsby-theme-to-npm.md)

- [13-Consume a Theme in a Gatsby Application](13-consume-a-theme-in-a-gatsby-application.md)

- [14-Use Component Shadowing to Override Gatsby Theme Components](14-use-component-shadowing-to-override-gatsby-theme-components.md)

Commit message:

lesson notes and lesson code

README.md, after:

# [Gatsby Theme Authoring](https://egghead.io/courses/gatsby-theme-authoring)

## ## Instructor - [Jason Lengstorf](https://egghead.io/instructors/jason-lengstorf)

<p align="center"><img src="https://d2eip9sf3oo6c2.cloudfront.net/series/square_covers/000/000/311/full/EGH_GatsbyThemes_Final.png" width="300"/></p>

## About

These notes go along with the [Gatsby Theme Authoring](https://egghead.io/courses/gatsby-theme-authoring) course from [Jason Lengstorf](https://egghead.io/instructors/jason-lengstorf)

In this course, we create a [Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/) Theme. Gatsby Themes allow us to create and use composable chunks of fully functional websites. You can expect to learn
- How to set up Yarn Workspaces
- How to develop a Gatsby Theme
- How to override a Gatsby Theme with Component Shadowing
- How to publish a Gatsby Theme to npm
- How to consume a published theme in a Gatsby Application

The code given on the course page does not have respective branches for each lesson, so I went ahead and developed my own repository with branches containing code for each respective lesson. **You can find that repository [here](https://github.com/ParkerGits/authoring-gatsby-themes)**. Each note file also contains a link to the branch containing the code of the respective lesson in the Resources section.

Each page of notes contains resources relating to the respective lesson. This course follows a written course which can be found both [here](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/tutorial/building-a-theme/) and in the Resources of each page.
## Table of Contents

- [01-Set up Yarn Workspaces for Gatsby Theme Development](01-set-up-yarn-workspaces-for-gatsby-theme-development.md)

- [02-Add Static Data to a Gatsby Theme](02-add-static-data-to-a-gatsby-theme.md)

- [03-Create a Data Directory in Gatsby using the onPreBootstrap lifecycle](03-create-a-data-directory-in-gatsby-using-the-on-pre-bootstrap-lifecycle.md)

- [04-Set up to Create Data Driven Pages in Gatsby](04-set-up-to-create-data-driven-pages-in-gatsby.md)

- [05-Create Data Driven Pages in Gatsby with GraphQL and createPages](05-create-data-driven-pages-in-gatsby-with-graph-ql-and-create-pages.md)

- [06-Display Sorted Data with useStaticQuery in Gatsby](06-display-sorted-data-with-use-static-query-in-gatsby.md)

- [07-Display and Query Data by id with Gatsby context and useStaticQuery](07-display-and-query-data-by-id-with-gatsby-context-and-use-static-query.md)

- [08-Style and Format Dates in React](08-style-and-format-dates-in-react.md)

- [09-Configure a Gatsby Theme to Take Options](09-configure-a-gatsby-theme-to-take-options.md)

- [10-Make Gatsby Themes extendable with gatsby-theme-ui](10-make-gatsby-themes-extendable-with-gatsby-theme-ui.md)

- [11-Use and Override a Theme in Gatsby with Component Shadowing](11-use-and-override-a-theme-in-gatsby-with-component-shadowing.md)

- [12-Publish a Gatsby Theme to npm](12-publish-a-gatsby-theme-to-npm.md)

- [13-Consume a Theme in a Gatsby Application](13-consume-a-theme-in-a-gatsby-application.md)

- [14-Use Component Shadowing to Override Gatsby Theme Components](14-use-component-shadowing-to-override-gatsby-theme-components.md)
